(The following content may not be
suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(Episode 9)
She's alive.
Hey! Are you crazy?
Didn't you see?
She moved.
- If she sees a doctor.. - What then?
What about what we did up to now?
What?
This is still wrong.
What happened? Was there an accident?
Yes.
(Caution: wild animals)
I hit an elk.
You should be careful.
Okay. Thank you.
We have to report it now.
Hey!
Hurry up and get in!
That lunatic.
(Witch's Court)
We found this beside the body.
(Baek Min Ho)
Also...
Okay. I got it, thank you.
Min Ho, you have to come out right now.
Sir, please save Min Ho.
I told you, didn't I?
When I saw out the district attorney,
I heard something.
You saw it, didn't you?
Tae Kyoo was making trouble.
Yes.
Why didn't you tell me?
I didn't want it to burden your campaign.
- If I could take care... - So,
did you?
Is that why this happened?
I'm sorry. It's my fault.
I won't let this trouble you.
It's my fault for mismanaging Kingdom.
I made sure that Min Ho...
would never mention it.
So, please...
Sir...
Please...
Please save Min Ho...
just this once.
Forget it.
There's no reason to kneel for such a thing.
Me being upset is another matter.
I know what Min Ho means to you.
He's like...
a nephew to me too.
Sir.
Don't worry.
I'll hire the best lawyer...
so that Min Ho doesn't get a scratch.
He has a bright future ahead of him.
We can't let this ruin his life.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Baby.
My baby...
Granny is here.
It's Granny.
It's cold today.
What are you doing here?
Granny is here, so let's go home.
Come on, now.
Hey.
I said I'm here.
No, no.
You can't go.
Don't go.
You should take me if you want to go.
How can I... How can I live...
without my baby?
How can you leave me alone?
No. Open your eyes.
Open them.
Gosh. Open them.
Ma'am.
You must find them no matter what.
If you don't,
my baby won't be able to go peacefully.
Do you hear me?
I'm begging you.
Please...
(Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office)
This is the first report on Kong Soo Ah's case.
According to her chat with Eel and CCTVs,
we tracked down her whereabouts that day.
Around 8pm,
Baek Min Ho started to text Eel.
At 9pm, Kong Soo Ah and Hyun Ji Soo...
were seen going into the hotel.
- Hyun Ji Soo? - Yes.
She's one of the teenagers under Eel.
Then she might be a witness...
or a secondary victim.
Where is she now?
We're tracking her cell phone right now.
We haven't been able to track credit cards...
or internet usages yet.
Then...
the accident happened while having a 2 on 2.
Kong Soo Ah was there to see Baek Min Ho.
Something happened, so he murdered her.
Then he abducted her. Is that the story?
I don't think so.
(Call records between Eel and Kong Soo Ah)
(Autopsy result)
(Sperm DNA test result)
According to the autopsy, we found DNAs...
of two people from Kong Soo Ah.
We also saw signs of resistance...
often seen with forced intercourses.
(Injuries)
What is that?
It's the first cause of her death.
She was beat many times with something pointy,
causing her to bleed.
The space between the cuts are even,
so it's probably due to a ring or a knuckle...
the beater had on.
What do we do?
How can someone use such a thing?
Exactly.
It must have hurt a lot.
However, the cause of death...
says it's shock.
She was exposed to cold after being abducted.
We think she suffered hypoglycemia.
My goodness.
If someone found her early enough,
she would have survived.
Let's summarize.
Are both men responsible for all crimes?
Or was raping and beating done by himself?
Did the accomplice help with just the abduction?
We need to decipher who the main culprit is.
- Yes. - Yes.
Don't be emotional,
and stay calm until the end...
to find the culprit.
That's the best you can do for the girl...
and her grandmother.
(Family Relation Certificate)
(Baek Min Ho, Baek Sang Ho)
Baek Sang Ho.
(Baek Sang Ho)
Look into it later.
Okay.
Let's go in.
Here we are again, Min Ho.
This is your computer's search record...
we found during investigation.
"Yeongpa corpse,"
"female corpse,"
"corpse found."
You must have been nervous.
You were researching for an hour.
So what?
Are you saying this search record...
makes him a murderer?
Okay.
One more thing.
This statement says that someone witnessed...
you with Kong Soo Ah.
He says there was another man.
Who was it?
Why are you surprised?
You're the one that beat her to death.
- No. - Don't lie!
You're the one that met with Kong Soo Ah.
You also kidnapped her.
Are you saying you didn't kill her?
- It doesn't make sense. - Ms. Ma.
Are you trying to be loyal to your accomplice?
Do as you wish.
As long as we have you,
we'll charge you for raping a minor...
and murdering her. It's over for you.
It wasn't me! I swear!
It was Tae Kyoo.
He's the one that beat her to death.
It wasn't me. It was him.
(Prosecutors' Office)
The 24-year-old son of Hyungjae Group's...
Chairman Ahn Suk Pil...
has been called to the Prosecutor's Office...
as the suspected murderer of an 18-year-old woman...
that was found on a hill in Yeongpa.
According to Prosecution,
on the 13th at 8pm which is the day before...
she disappeared, Kong met Baek...
on a chatting app and had agreed...
to meet at Hyungjae Hotel before disappearing.
Baek had hired Kong for prostitution,
also known as a conditional meeting.
He claimed that Ahn was there with him.
Prosecution revealed that they would...
investigate Baek and Ahn...
as they were the last to see Kong.
They are found to be law school students...
of Hankuk University, causing up a stir.
If their charges are proven at court,
they will get a minimum of 20 years to life...
Is this all?
Did you take pictures of anyone else?
This is all.
You're really bold.
Cho Gap Soo, where are you?
Get out here!
You're dismissed.
Don't let it leak.
Are you in your office?
What's taking you so long?
Are you here?
Didn't you hear what happened to your nephew?
Are you just going to watch?
He's not my child.
He's yours.
Then is Min Ho yours?
I heard everything. You gave him Ms. Heo?
What can I do?
I should look after him.
Gap Soo.
You're not in the place to care for anyone.
What did you just say?
Kingdom. Your secret room.
Should I take a few pictures of it...
and take it to Kim Moon Sung?
I should print the floor plan of the hotel too.
If Kingdom is found out,
Hyungjae Hotel won't be safe.
Would that be all right?
Hotel isn't the problem!
My future is at stake!
Do you mean that?
Have you seen a parent lie...
while swearing on their child?
Gap Soo.
Think carefully.
You can find yourself another right hand,
but where will you find another sponsor?
Give up on Mr. Baek.
(Kong Soo Ah murder case)
Min Ho called for girls through a chat.
I wasn't into it,
but since he already hired them,
I was tempted to have fun.
I'm sorry.
Keep going.
Maybe we drank for an hour.
I got drunk,
so I went in to sleep.
Once I woke up,
Soo Ah wasn't beside me.
So I looked around for her.
I was so surprised. When I got there,
Soo Ah wasn't moving...
from being beat too much.
I told Min Ho he's crazy.
I asked him why he did that,
and he said he was jealous of what I had.
He wanted...
everything I had.
What are you talking about?
Min Ho...
was always jealous of me.
He always...
wanted what I had.
Kong Soo Ah was my partner.
I think Tae Kyoo used my ID...
to start the chat.
That's how he met her.
So she was your partner to begin with?
Yes.
We drank for about an hour,
then we slept together.
I gave her money before sleeping.
I told her she could go whenever she wanted.
While sleeping, I heard sounds outside.
When I went out to see...
Tae Kyoo had hit her again.
- Again? - Tae Kyoo...
hits girls whenever he drinks.
Why did you go with him to get rid of the body?
Doesn't that mean you were his accomplice?
What could I do? He's my friend.
Min Ho said he'd take full responsibility,
and to just go with him.
I was drunk and lacked judgment, so I went.
So you willingly helped dispose of the body.
I did not.
I slept as soon as I got in the car.
I had no idea he'd dump Soo Ah like that.
When I woke up,
Min Ho removed Soo Ah's limp body from the trunk.
You went because you were drunk and his friend.
Why did you scrap your car?
Did Min Ho make you do that well?
Yes, he did.
Min Ho said it would be best.
I should've stopped him.
I only did what Tae Kyoo told me to.
I tried to call the police when I saw her there.
But he screamed at me to stop.
So? You did as you were told?
He has a fiery temper, so I was afraid, and...
Your friend scared you, so you helped dumping a body.
But you're the one in the driver's seat.
You drove the body to the woods yourself.
Tae Kyoo...
Look. Baek Min Ho.
Have you no free will?
I did not hit her.
I was dragged there against my will,
and I tried to call 911 when I saw she was alive!
You must be confused.
Dumping it on Ahn Tae Kyoo...
doesn't change the fact that you dumped the body.
That alone will give you three years easily.
Got that?
He was dragged there. He didn't kill her.
He said the same thing for hours upon hours.
They're both insisting they're accessories.
We need physical evidence to prove who did it.
Ms. Son, have we still not located Hyun Ji Soo?
No. It looks like she's hiding on purpose.
Hello.
Did you find anything at the scene?
We searched the hotel inside and out,
but nothing.
They happened to replace the carpets the day after.
Coincidentally.
What about "K," which Soo Ah mentioned?
I looked into that too,
but there was no building or item by that name.
This seemed to be the most likely...
- "KPOP"? - Yes.
The day of the incident, this was going on...
by the room.
Maybe this is what Soo Ah was trying to say?
Anyway.
I brought this new piece of evidence.
Ahn Tae Kyoo submitted it.
A USB drive.
I'm sure the company said to bring me everything.
I'm sorry.
We were instructed not to give it to you.
Instructed?
By the chairman?
Min Ho was obsessed with Tae Kyoo.
Clothes, accessories, shoes. He copied it all.
Check Min Ho's social media pages.
He had such a chip on his shoulder.
He had to do everything Tae Kyoo did.
To be honest, whenever he drank,
he'd lose his temper.
He couldn't stand it if you hurt his pride.
He constantly got into fights while drinking.
They're all testimonies against Baek Min Ho.
Let's check his social media pages to confirm.
Next file.
What's this? This is pretty much conclusive.
Hyungjae submitted it, so we can't believe it all,
but so far, yes.
As of now, Baek Min Ho is the main perpetrator,
and Ahn Tae Kyoo is the accessory.
Right?
Mr. Baek.
What are you doing?
Chairman Ahn submitted the surveillance video.
They edited it to frame Min Ho.
I guess he was pretty scared.
Sir. Please meet with Chairman Ahn.
It looks like they plan to dump it all on Min Ho.
If something happens to Min Ho...
The prosecutors know...
that Tae Kyoo is Hyungjae Group's son.
They wouldn't believe what they submit.
I hear...
Ha is running around looking for evidence...
to help Min Ho.
Don't you worry.
Sang Ho.
What do I do now?
What if I take the fall for everything?
Look. Do you remember anything else?
Anything that can be of evidence?
Evidence?
That's right.
The girl who was with us that day.
There was another girl with Soo Ah.
Tae Kyoo hit her too.
That girl...
may have seen him freak out and ran away.
What's her name?
Her name? Her name.
Hyun...
Hyun Ji Soo.
She said it was Hyun Ji Soo.
She dropped out of Gyungjae Women's College.
Okay. I'll find her first.
Hyun Ji Soo. 19. Gyungjae Women's High drop-out.
It's urgent. Find her. Please, Detective Choi.
Don't worry too much. Mr. Cho Gap Soo...
will help however he can, since it's you.
Hello, Ms. Ma.
We searched Baek Min Ho's social media pages.
(Matching watches with Tae Kyoo?)
Testimonies that Min Ho copied Tae Kyoo...
seem reliable.
You're right.
I think the disappearance of Ms. Ma's mother...
has something to do with Cho Gap Soo.
What are you doing?
This is it, right?
The sharp item that caused Kong Soo Ah's death.
I wondered what it was,
but it was found near the body.
If we find your DNA in the glove,
it'll prove it was you.
Her blood is probably on this, so you can't hide.
Hey, you. Ahn Tae Kyoo.
Are you even human?
How could you hit someone while wearing this?
Did you laugh?
This isn't mine.
It is yours.
I saw you squirm when you saw it.
Then compare the DNA.
You said you found this at the scene.
Just to let you know,
I always...
put my initials on my things.
Hyun Ji Soo is here.
After what happened,
I hid because I was so scared.
I came when I saw the news.
I've never seen such a psycho...
in my entire life.
She did nothing particularly wrong.
I don't know what he didn't like,
or what upset him,
but he suddenly put on a glove with sharp studs,
and hit her for no reason.
From her head,
her face, and all over.
She was scratched and stabbed,
and was bleeding and hurting.
She cried that it hurt, and begged him to stop,
but he kept hitting her.
And then...
It looked like she died.
Then...
that demon...
laughed...
in that situation.
So?
Who was it?
Ahn Tae Kyoo?
Ji Soo.
Was it Ahn Tae Kyoo?
No.
It was Baek Min Ho.
Baek Min Ho...
beat Soo Ah to death.
Are you sure it was Baek Min Ho?
Yes.
Am I done now?
I don't need to come here again, right?
What?
To be honest,
I don't want to talk about what happened again,
and I don't want to be involved.
You can't say that.
What do you mean?
That night,
you could've been the one who was killed.
Don't you feel like Soo Ah died in your place?
So what? What?
Should I have died in her place or something?
Why didn't you call it in?
Soo Ah...
shivered in the cold...
and died on a remote path.
If you had called the cops...
when you ran away from the hotel,
you could've saved Soo Ah.
What were you thinking, keeping quiet until now?
Who cares if Soo Ah died for no reason...
since you're alive, is that it?
Didn't you know Soo Ah had a grandma?
Didn't you think about how much she would've...
looked for Soo Ah?
How could you have kept silent...
all this time after watching a person die?
Did it go well?
I guess not.
There's no such thing as going well.
All the witnesses and evidence point to Min Ho.
I see.
Without new evidence,
let's go forward with Min Ho as the primary,
and Tae Kyoo as the accessory.
Yeo.
Yes?
What do you keep thinking about?
Didn't you hear me?
I need to step out for a few minutes.
A fire broke out at a hospital.
Please evacuate quickly.
I repeat.
A fire broke out at a hospital.
Please evacuate quickly.
Ms. Soo.
Ms. Soo, are you okay?
Water.
Help! Excuse me!
We're trapped in here.
Help.
Thank you.
(Kim Mi Jung)
She's in bad shape.
She needs to go to another hospital soon.
Where is her family?
Did you contact them?
She...
has never had...
a single visitor.
She did say she had a daughter...
in Janghyeon-dong, from what I recall.
I was in the area...
and thought of you.
Do you want to grab dinner?
Soo Ah asked me to give this to you.
Did you get it?
What did you send?
The glove...
that Ahn Tae Kyoo was wearing that day.
What?
You said it was Baek Min Ho earlier.
So you lied.
I sent it via messenger, so you should get it now.
Ms. Son. Did I get a delivery?
No.
Maybe Mr. Yeo received it.
I'm surprised. I assumed you'd be too busy.
Why did you do it?
What?
Why did you do that to Ms. Ma's mother?
The person you have reached...
Where is he?
You knew that Kim Mi Jung...
No, Kwak Young Shil, was not a patient.
Jin Wook.
Also why Detective Baek had her admitted too.
How long did you have her locked up?
I heard Kwak Young Shil begged every single day...
to find her daughter. How long did you ignore her?
Jin Wook.
How could a person do that?
Didn't you think her family would look for her?
Do you know how badly someone's life was ruined?
Yeo.
What did you just say?
Ms. Ma.
You just said...
Detective Baek...
had my mom admitted at a mental hospital,
and your mother had locked her up...
I misheard you, right?
Jin Wook, I'm going to leave.
Doctor, just a minute.
Where's my mom? Answer me.
As I told you before, I don't know your mother.
Then what about that Kim Mi Jung lady?
Who is she?
- Ms. Ma. - Kim Mi Jung is my mom,
isn't she?
I have no duty to disclose my patient's information.
Doctor!
Why do you keep playing dumb? I just heard you.
You know where my mom is.
What happened to my mom? Tell me.
As I said it before, I have no idea.
Did you really lock her up?
That's why you're saying you don't know!
What did you do to my mom? Tell me!
- What did you do to her? - Stop this.
Let go of me.
- Talk to me. - Doctor!
- Answer me! - Talk with her later.
- Later when? - I know you're angry...
and shocked.
But even if you ask now, she can't answer you.
Why not? I guess she feels guilty?
But that's her problem. I need to know.
I need to know whether my mom...
- is dead or alive! - I'll tell you.
I'll tell you. I'm sure my mom is shocked too.
- When she calms down... - Are you saying...
your mom being shocked is more critical than...
whether or not my mom is alive?
You know that's not what I'm saying.
I wanted to find out for sure and let you know.
When?
After my mom dies?
I can't trust you anymore.
Not your mother or you.
I don't need any of you.
I'll find out myself.
If your mother did anything to her,
I will...
make her pay.
What is that?
(True Rehabilitation, True Happiness)
Ahn Tae Kyoo, come out.
What happened? Hey.
Why are you getting out?
Defendant Ahn Tae Kyoo...
is released from detention.
Hey!
- Is it done? - Not yet.
You have to be on top of the part-timers.
- That's right. - Also...
Meeting someone won't solve the problem.
Still, I can't do nothing and take it.
Min Ho may end up being convicted for murder.
Let's wait a little bit.
Are you really going to be like this?
Don't you know that Min Ho is more precious...
than my own life?
I will never watch anything happen to him.
I understand how you feel.
But Sang Ho.
Let's have Min Ho sacrifice a little bit.
He won't serve that much time in prison.
It's his first offense. If he submits an apology,
and make the prison guards write recommendations,
I'm sure we'll get him out in five years.
- Gap Soo. - What can I do?
Chairman Ahn said we can't touch Tae Kyoo,
that if he goes to jail, he'll spill the beans...
about Kingdom.
Let's say Tae Kyoo goes to jail and not Min Ho.
With Chairman Ahn's nasty temper,
do you think he'll let Min Ho live?
Then did you know...
that they took the surveillance video...
and the witnesses?
Sang Ho.
I understand.
Okay.
Good thinking.
Then I'll hand over the secret planner...
to the police.
Planner?
I served you for 20 years.
You ordered me to do many things.
I brought women higher-ups wanted,
abducted people they wanted gone,
got rid of anyone who got in your way...
even in the slightest. I have that all...
recorded in my planner.
What did you just say?
So...
you've been planning to stab me in the back,
is that it?
I wrote in it every day for 20 years,
and gathered plenty of evidence,
begging this day would never come.
Gap Soo.
Please save Min Ho.
Then...
I'll be a good servant.
Are you threatening me?
This is my first and last request.
Fine.
Sang Ho,
I forgot what you mean in my life.
Hello, this is Cho Gap Soo.
I need you to help this old fool.
Yes. Yes. Let's meet in person.
Yes. Yes. I understand.
I'll head there right now.
Thank you.
I promise...
to save Min Ho.
Relax.
Do you mean it?
Will you really help me this time?
Hello?
With what do you want to make a deal with me?
Conclusive evidence that can clear Baek Min Ho...
of murder.
You understand...
what the situation is, correct?
Ahn Tae Kyoo weaseled his way out.
Your brother may be locked up for manslaughter...
and criminal disposition of a corpse.
If the Prosecutors' Office wants,
we can send him away for life.
What do you want?
You know...
what I want.
My mom Kwak Young Shil.
What happened to her...
and where is she? Tell me.
If you give me that, I'll clear your brother,
Baek Min Ho, of murder.
(Mr. Cho Gap Soo)
I met with the DA.
We never had this conversation.
Why?
Did Cho Gap Soo say he'll get him out?
You're more naive than you seem.
Heo Yoon Kyung.
Did you know she withdrew?
Wasn't she...
Hyungjae's ace attorney...
that Cho Gap Soo put on your brother?
She withdrew from representing Min Ho...
and is now on Ahn Tae Kyoo's side.
Baek Min Ho now has...
absolutely nobody.
(Heo Yoon Kyung)
The person you have reached...
(Kim Hyung Soo)
Hello? Kim Hyung Soo speaking.
Where's Mr. Choi?
- Here. - Okay.
Have some.
Thank you.
Let's toast.
Sang Ho.
I couldn't have gotten here if not for you.
Why are you saying something so ridiculous?
You'll stay by my side...
until I go...
to the Blue House, won't you?
I'll serve you with all my heart.
This is Baek Sang Ho.
Yes, Sang Ho.
Is the discussion going well?
Yes, I'm talking with the district attorney.
It's going very well.
I'll call you later.
Okay.
Let's eat.
Ms. Ma.
Does your offer still stand?
Let me ask one thing.
Ms. Ma's mother.
What happened to her?
She's alive, right?
I'm sure...
she's dead.
(For: Ma Yi Deum)
Kwak Young Shil...
Okay.
Good. Drink, Ms. Heo.
Eat up.
Kwak Young Shil...
died.
14 years ago.
(Witch's Court)
Cho Gap Soo and Baek Sang Ho.
I'll make them both pay for what they did.
The prosecutor manipulating evidence...
and covering up your making a deal...
Isn't that wrong?
You'll take it all the way?
I'm being framed! This is a conspiracy!
I'm the only person...
who can save Min Ho.
Didn't you think...
you could ruin the trial with your actions?
Did you uncover the truth...
as you hoped?